  My long-term goal is to dedicate myself to the research field of Quantum optics. To achieve this goal, I hope to acquire my Ph.D. at University starting in the fall of 2025.

Section I

Unlike those students who have had an enthusiasm for physics since childhood, I met physics and fell in love with optics just after I started university life. Before I went to university, I liked computer science and learned programming languages, so what I prepared in the summer holiday before university was to study those university textbooks majoring in computer science, especially hardware engineering (like Computer Organization, Microcontroller development, and so on ). 

However, when I was admitted into the University of Science and Technology of China, my parents asked me to major in Physics because the subject of physics at this university enjoys a high reputation in China. At first, I did not devote myself to physics and always focused on programming study. However, as I needed more fundamentals in physics compared with my classmates who once took part in the preparation of the International Physics Olympiad, I got a bad score in the first semester and gradually lost hope about learning physics well. 

One day, when I tried to borrow some reference books for the exams, I randomly saw a book called "Let There Be Light," which tells the story of light from atoms to galaxies in an easy way instead of multiple formulas. That was the first time I had an interest in physics, and I spent two weeks finishing the book while taking notes after final exams. This book first let me know what light truly is and how humans recognize and control the light beam; from atoms to galaxies, light is everywhere at any time. 

After taking some experimental optics courses, I understood that I like devoting my time to discovering new things and explaining using what I have learned. Also, I found that my interest in computer science was just an extracurricular activity, as I only enjoyed the fake achievement of learning a little of everything. After that, I gradually learned how to study physics courses and joined the Quantum information lab to start researching Fiber Cavity QED.

My first experience was in the Fiber Cavity QED group, where I researched the cooling and control of atoms using the fiber cavity. As our group was in an early period, there were many optical systems to build, like the paths of cooling, detecting, and repumping light. After discussing my thoughts with my mentor and adjusting the design of paths with graduate students in the group, we spent about half a year buying and building up the vacuum system. The vacuum rate promisingly reached 10^-11 Tor, suitable for the atom injection and catching experiment. Then, we tried to use the laser beam to cold the atoms and catch them in the fiber cavity. At first, the system is unstable, and the atoms move too fast, so we can't see anything instead of noise. Then, we adjusted the position of the optical lattice and made the beam more precise; we got little fluorescence signal from the atoms, which means that some atoms have passed the aim area, but the velocity is still so high that the beams in the cavity cannot hold the atoms. After two weeks of adjustment, we finally saw some strong fluorescence signals in the cavity, and we could even see the signal area in our CCD on the PC monitor. At that moment, I knew that I'd chosen the right career path of my life. What I really want to do is find something new in optics and make it controllable using the laser beam (like the single atom or single photons)

After taking the fiber-treating task with polyimide, I tried to design equipment with guideways and fiber optic fixtures on two sides, with the polymide solution moving through the fiber. However, the control of the speed of movement, the temperature of the solution, and the baking time after coating were parameters that would all affect the quality of the fiber. Also, as the equipment I designed is different from the commercial instruments, there are no references for me to copy and learn; I had to try different parameters and test the fiber mode. Finally, after 90 nights and about 200 hours of experiment, I found a perfect set of parameters to avoid pilling and brittleness. Then, the work became a patent for my mentor, and the processed fiber was already used in our vacuum system, which is also processed to create cavities to catch the atoms.

In my sophomore year, I learned Optics, Quantum optics, Laser Principles and Technology, Advanced Photon Physics, Fundamentals of Modern Optics, and Engineering Optics. I often felt shocked by the math formulas used to process light beams, such as the Richard-Wolf vector-integral formula. It transforms the invisible field into amplitude and phases.
Also, I've talked in a journal club about Quantum memory at Room temperature; the magic characteristics of the photons and atoms are impressive. I also visited the Shanghai Institute of Optics and Fine Mechanics in the summer of 2023; the prominent instruments that can generate over 10 PW impressed me a lot. As for talking, I talked with my mentor at USTC and some teachers in different optical fields, such as optical instruments, solid-state quantum optics, and metasurface optics... Both of them told me that optics is a subject with huge potential and that there are many problems in the theoretical area; what I can do is solve these problems and make good progress on the control of photons.
 
In the summer of 2024, I visited Rice University as a visiting scholar and researched Single photon emission in two-dimensional materials with Prof. Shengxi Huang. Due to my experience in the Fiber Cavity lab, optical characterization, like photoluminescence and Raman spectroscopy, was easy for me to get into the swing of it. However, it was still a new research field, as I knew little about nanofabrication, so I read plenty of review papers and tried to understand the theoretical mechanism of the experiment. Due to the cumulation of the paper reading, I was able to give some advice on finding new things and adjusting our procedure in dealing with the materials although my mentor is on vacation. Also, I developed some applications for the data process in which group members can quickly generate beautiful figures using their dataset without writing heavy codes in Python.
After four months at Rice University, I felt the excellent academic atmosphere, which enhanced my desire to apply for the APP program for my PhD. Also, the Smarlly—Curl Institute helped me adapt to life in Houston; I did not experience culture shock in America, as Mr. John Marsh and Prof. Kono held many parties to help our students adapt and shared many experiences with me, which helped me immensely get involved in academic activities. 

I want to gain the ability to individially operate a project and study the qua tum materials from the APP programs. Also how to apply my experience of setting up op ical paths to the commercial instruments to solve poblems which is beneficial to my future career.  I have better ability to get into work and easy to be customed to  he life in Houston and strong experiments in setting up optical paths Hard working and creative, also can use many programming languages, can create ome apps for other to use. I already know what I can do to improve the experiment and what I should aim for in the program, I believe I can gain much progress in the field with prof. Huang.

Ultimately, I aim to gain a faculty position at a university and to continue my involvement in innovative research in the field while directly encouraging the development of quantum optics, both in the classroom and laboratory. In this manner I believe I can make a significant and purposeful contribution to the scientific community while gaining a great deal of personal satisfaction.  
